README.asciidoc, before:

LDAP inventory: store Fusion Inventory report into LDAP directory
-----------------------------------------------------------------

=== Authors

Normation http://normation.com

- Francois "fanf" Armand francois.armand@normation.com
- Nicolas "ncharles" Charles nicolas.charles@normation.com
- Jonathan "jooooooon" Clarke jonathan.clarke@normation.com

=== License

This project is licensed under AGPLv3 license, 
see the provided "LICENSE" file or 
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.txt

=== Contributing

Thank you for your interest in your our project!
The contribution process is detailed here: 
http://www.rudder-project.org/HowToContribute

=== Synopsis

The main goal of this project is to get 
Fusion Inventory (http://fusioninventory.org) inventory report, parse
them, transform them in Node/Machine object, and store them in some
backend, allowing smart merging rules (detecting existing nodes, etc). 

This project is composed of several modules:

[horizontal]
inventory-api:: that module define all domain objects and service interfaces
         (storing object, parsing report, merging strategy, etc) 
         It is not tied to any backend, nor any inventory report format.
inventory-fusion:: that module define parsing logic for Fusion Inventory XML report.
         It allows to add plugable parsing rules for extension in the report, like
         elements used in Rudder. 
inventory-repository:: that module contains implementation logic for storage
         backends. For now, only an LDAP backend is implemented. 
inventory-provisioning-core:: that module contains implementation for the 
         provisionning logic: from a parsed report, how to save it, perhaps
         merge with existing information, etc. 
inventory-provisioning-web:: that last module is a web application that expose a
         REST service on which inventory can be post. The implementation is rather
         short, as most of the code is just here to weave services and implementations. 


=== Usage

This project is managed thanks to Maven software project management (http://maven.apache.org/). 
You will have to have a working Maven (version 2.2.x or 3.0.x) installation.

.Clean, build and install on your local repository:
----
% mvn clean install
----

Modules inventory-api, inventory-fusion, inventory-repository and inventory-provisioning-core
are simple libraries, so nothing more have to be done with them. 

inventory-provisioning-web produce a Java Web-application Archive (war) that can be used in 
any servlet application server (jetty, tomcat,...). 

There is two files that have to be configured:

[horizontal]
src/main/resources/configuration.properties.sample:: configure general properties, like LDAP server
         connection information and where to store login information. 
src/main/resources/logback.xml.sample:: configure technical log (level, etc). 

Each of these file may be used in two ways:

- by removing ".sample" from their name and putting them in web application classpath. You may for 
  example copy them in src/main/resources/ and invoke +mvn install+ or directly put them in 
  the war file (you will have to unwar it, add files, etc - not the easiest way)
- by specifying a parameter to the JVM used for the web-application:
[horizontal]
    `-Dlogback.configurationFile=/path/to/logback.xml`:: for your log file;
    `-Dinventoryweb.configFile=/path/to/configuration.properties`:: for application configuration file.

Commit message:

Issue #1946: add some links to rudder-project

README.asciidoc, after:

LDAP inventory: store Fusion Inventory report into LDAP directory
-----------------------------------------------------------------

This project is part of Rudder - configuration management for the mass. 
 
See: http://rudder-project.org for more information. 

[horizontal]
Bug report:: http://www.rudder-project.org/redmine/projects/ldap-inventory/issues
Mailing list, irc:: http://www.rudder-project.org/foswiki/Community/

=== Authors

Normation http://normation.com

- Francois "fanf" Armand francois.armand@normation.com
- Nicolas "ncharles" Charles nicolas.charles@normation.com
- Jonathan "jooooooon" Clarke jonathan.clarke@normation.com

=== License

This project is licensed under AGPLv3 license, 
see the provided "LICENSE" file or 
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.txt

=== Contributing

Thank you for your interest in our project!
The contribution process is detailed here: 
http://www.rudder-project.org/HowToContribute

=== Synopsis

The main goal of this project is to get Fusion Inventory 
(http://fusioninventory.org) inventory report, parse
them, transform them in Node/Machine object, and store them in some
backend, allowing smart merging rules (detecting existing nodes, etc). 

This project is composed of several modules:

[horizontal]
inventory-api:: that module define all domain objects and service interfaces
         (storing object, parsing report, merging strategy, etc) 
         It is not tied to any backend, nor any inventory report format.
inventory-fusion:: that module define parsing logic for Fusion Inventory XML report.
         It allows to add plugable parsing rules for extension in the report, like
         elements used in Rudder. 
inventory-repository:: that module contains implementation logic for storage
         backends. For now, only an LDAP backend is implemented. 
inventory-provisioning-core:: that module contains implementation for the 
         provisionning logic: from a parsed report, how to save it, perhaps
         merge with existing information, etc. 
inventory-provisioning-web:: that last module is a web application that expose a
         REST service on which inventory can be post. The implementation is rather
         short, as most of the code is just here to weave services and implementations. 


=== Usage

The easiest way to test and use LDAP-inventory web application is to install it with Rudder 
from the provided Linux packages, see: http://www.rudder-project.org/foswiki/Main/Installation

.For a more 'developer oriented' usage.

This project is managed thanks to Maven software project management (http://maven.apache.org/). 
You will have to have a working Maven (version 2.2.x or 3.0.x) installation.

.Clean, build and install on your local repository:
----
% mvn clean install
----

Modules inventory-api, inventory-fusion, inventory-repository and inventory-provisioning-core
are simple libraries, so nothing more have to be done with them. 

inventory-provisioning-web produce a Java Web-application Archive (war) that can be used in 
any servlet application server (jetty, tomcat,...). 

There is two files that have to be configured:

[horizontal]
src/main/resources/configuration.properties.sample:: configure general properties, like LDAP server
         connection information and where to store login information. 
src/main/resources/logback.xml.sample:: configure technical log (level, etc). 

Each of these file may be used in two ways:

- by removing ".sample" from their name and putting them in web application classpath. You may for 
  example copy them in src/main/resources/ and invoke +mvn install+ or directly put them in 
  the war file (you will have to unwar it, add files, etc - not the easiest way)
- by specifying a parameter to the JVM used for the web-application:
[horizontal]
    `-Dlogback.configurationFile=/path/to/logback.xml`:: for your log file;
    `-Dinventoryweb.configFile=/path/to/configuration.properties`:: for application configuration file.
